Readme.md, before:



<!-- toc -->

- [Fedora My Theams](#fedora-my-theams)
  * [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    + [Clone the Repository](#clone-the-repository)
  * [Usefull Links](#usefull-links)
  * [Dependencies](#dependencies)
  * [Extentions](#extentions)
  * [Theam Pack](#theam-pack)
- [After CTT Linux Utility Installation](#after-ctt-linux-utility-installation)
  * [Softwares](#softwares)
    + [Complex Installations](#complex-installations)

<!-- tocstop -->

# Fedora My Theams 
This Project is for My Personal Use But If Some one can get Help from it all of you are welcome

## Getting Started

### Clone the Repository

To get started with this Fedora setup, first clone this repository to your local machine:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/AsithaKanchana1/fedora-Setup.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd fedora-Setup
```

Make sure you have `git` installed on your system:
```bash
# Install git if not already installed
sudo dnf install -y git
```

**Note**: Some features like Neovim configuration and Alacritty themes require this repository to be cloned to access configuration files. 

## Usefull Links 
- [Cris Titus Tech Linux Utility](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/linutil.git)

- [Video](https://youtu.be/viffvWtMTdo)

- [Alacrity Setup](/alacrity-setup.md)

- [Git Credential Set Globly ](/set-git-defaults.md)

- [Install **ONLYOFFICE**](/only-office-rpm.md)

- [System Junk Cleanup](/system-clean.md)

- [Nvim Setup](/nvim-config.md)

- [markdown Instructions](/markdown-instructions.md)

- [University Onedrive Setup on Fedora](/one-drive-sync.md)

- [Docker GUI Install](/docker-gui.md)

## Dependencies 
- Codec Install 

```bash 
sudo dnf install libavcodec-freeworld
```
- Install pavucontrol to controll audio (blutooth earbuds and other)
```bash
sudo dnf install pavucontrol
```

## Extentions 
- Extention Manager (By Mattive Jakman [Blue icon])
- Tiling Shell (Tiling Assitent - Windows Like)
- Blur My Shell ( Blure Background )
- Dash to Dock (Mac Like Dock)
    - Dash To Dock animated (animated Mack Dock)
- Dash to task bar (Windows Like )
- App icon Taskbar [Not shure what is purpus]
- Clipboard indicator (clip board manager)
- Gnome Fuzzy App Search (Fuzzy Search )
- Quick Settings Tweeks [Not shure]
- Tiling shell (advanced tiling window manager ,win 11 snap assitent ,Fanzy zone , Automatic tilting,etc)
- Window lits (add window list to bottom of the page )[not my fav]
- User Theam
- Custom accesnt Color 
    - [Dependencese - User Theam Extention]
- Appindicator and KSstatusNotifireiterm Support
- vitals
- Open Bar (Top Bar Custermization)
    - [Download Them File](/config/openbar) - requires cloning this repository first


[Extention website](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/7065/tiling-shell/)

## Theam Pack 

- Go to Home Derectory and Past  `.themes` folder and `.icons` folder 
- install GNOME Tweaks:

```bash
sudo dnf install gnome-tweaks
```

- With GNOME Tweaks You can:
  - Add minimize and maximize buttons
  - Customize Animations
  - etc

Change Theams in GNOME Tweaks app 

- Appearance --> Icons 
- Appearance --> Legasy Applications

# After CTT Linux Utility Installation 

- Install Alacrity  
- 
## Softwares 
- Need to install Following Dependencies

- Enable RPM Fusion Free repository
```bash
sudo dnf install https://download1.rpmfusion.org/free/fedora/rpmfusion-free-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm
```

- Enable RPM Fusion Non-Free repository
```bash
sudo dnf install https://download1.rpmfusion.org/nonfree/fedora/rpmfusion-nonfree-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm
```

- Pre Load Apps 
```bash
sudo dnf copr enable kylegospo/preload -y && sudo dnf install preload -y && sudo systemctl enable --now preload
```

- Optimize DNF for Speed:
```bash
echo 'fastestmirror=True' | sudo tee -a /etc/dnf/dnf.conf
echo 'max_parallel_downloads=10' | sudo tee -a /etc/dnf/dnf.conf
```

- Install Timeshift (System Backups)
```bash
sudo dnf install timeshift
```

- Install DNFDragora Package Manager:
```bash
sudo dnf install dnfdragora
```

- Brave Browser Repo
```bash
sudo dnf install dnf-plugins-core
sudo dnf config-manager --add-repo https://brave-browser-rpm-release.s3.brave.com/x86_64/
sudo rpm --import https://brave-browser-rpm-release.s3.brave.com/brave-core.asc
```
- Microsoft Edge Repo
```bash
sudo rpm --import https://packages.microsoft.com/keys/microsoft.asc
sudo dnf config-manager --add-repo https://packages.microsoft.com/yumrepos/edge
```
- Github Desktop Repo
```bash
sudo rpm --import https://rpm.packages.shiftkey.dev/gpg.key
sudo sh -c 'echo -e "[shiftkey-packages]\nname=GitHub Desktop\nbaseurl=https://rpm.packages.shiftkey.dev/rpm/\nenabled=1\ngpgcheck=1\nrepo_gpgcheck=1\ngpgkey=https://rpm.packages.shiftkey.dev/gpg.key" > /etc/yum.repos.d/shiftkey-packages.repo'
```

- EduVPN Repo
```bash 
curl -O https://app.eduvpn.org/linux/v4/rpm/app+linux@eduvpn.org.asc
sudo rpm --import app+linux@eduvpn.org.asc
cat << 'EOF' | sudo tee /etc/yum.repos.d/python-eduvpn-client_v4.repo
[python-eduvpn-client_v4]
name=eduVPN for Linux 4.x (Fedora $releasever)
baseurl=https://app.eduvpn.org/linux/v4/rpm/fedora-$releasever-$basearch
gpgcheck=1
EOF
```
- FlareGet Download Manager
```bash
wget https://dl.flareget.com/downloads/files/flareget/rpm/amd64/flareget-5.0-0.x86_64.rpm
sudo dnf install ./flareget-5.0-0.x86_64.rpm
```

- Install following apps in one command
    - smplayer
    - vlc
    - brave browser
    - microsoft edge
    - obs
    -eduvpn
    - firefox
    - vs code
    - github desktop
```bash
sudo dnf install -y smplayer vlc brave-browser microsoft-edge-stable obs-studio eduvpn-client firefox code github-desktop
```
### Complex Installations 
- [mySql WorkBench](/mysql-work-bench.md)

- [Android studio](/android-studio-setup.md)

- [Davinchi Resolve](/davinci-resolve-install.md)

Commit message:

wallpapers added ,auto drive backup.md, gnome box vm .md

Readme.md, after:



<!-- toc -->

- [Fedora My Theams](#fedora-my-theams)
  * [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    + [Clone the Repository](#clone-the-repository)
  * [Usefull Links](#usefull-links)
  * [Dependencies](#dependencies)
  * [Extentions](#extentions)
  * [Theam Pack](#theam-pack)
- [After CTT Linux Utility Installation](#after-ctt-linux-utility-installation)
  * [Softwares](#softwares)
    + [Complex Installations](#complex-installations)

<!-- tocstop -->

# Fedora My Theams 
This Project is for My Personal Use But If Some one can get Help from it all of you are welcome

## Getting Started

### Clone the Repository

To get started with this Fedora setup, first clone this repository to your local machine:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/AsithaKanchana1/fedora-Setup.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd fedora-Setup
```

Make sure you have `git` installed on your system:
```bash
# Install git if not already installed
sudo dnf install -y git
```

**Note**: Some features like Neovim configuration and Alacritty themes require this repository to be cloned to access configuration files. 

## Usefull Links 
- [Cris Titus Tech Linux Utility](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/linutil.git)

- [Video](https://youtu.be/viffvWtMTdo)

- [Alacrity Setup](/alacrity-setup.md)

- [Git Credential Set Globly ](/set-git-defaults.md)

- [Install **ONLYOFFICE**](/only-office-rpm.md)

- [System Junk Cleanup](/system-clean.md)

- [Nvim Setup](/nvim-config.md)

- [markdown Instructions](/markdown-instructions.md)

- [University Onedrive Setup on Fedora](/one-drive-sync.md)

- [Docker GUI Install](/docker-gui.md)

- [Backup Folder in to Google Drive Automatically](/auto-gdrive-backup.md)

- [Change Gnome Boxes File Location For VMs](/gnome-boxes-vm.md)
## Dependencies 
- Codec Install 

```bash 
sudo dnf install libavcodec-freeworld
```
- Install pavucontrol to controll audio (blutooth earbuds and other)
```bash
sudo dnf install pavucontrol
```

## Extentions 
- Extention Manager (By Mattive Jakman [Blue icon])
- Tiling Shell (Tiling Assitent - Windows Like)
- Blur My Shell ( Blure Background )
- Dash to Dock (Mac Like Dock)
    - Dash To Dock animated (animated Mack Dock)
- Dash to task bar (Windows Like )
- App icon Taskbar [Not shure what is purpus]
- Clipboard indicator (clip board manager)
- Gnome Fuzzy App Search (Fuzzy Search )
- Quick Settings Tweeks [Not shure]
- Tiling shell (advanced tiling window manager ,win 11 snap assitent ,Fanzy zone , Automatic tilting,etc)
- Window lits (add window list to bottom of the page )[not my fav]
- User Theam
- Custom accesnt Color 
    - [Dependencese - User Theam Extention]
- Appindicator and KSstatusNotifireiterm Support
- vitals
- Open Bar (Top Bar Custermization)
    - [Download Them File](/config/openbar) - requires cloning this repository first


[Extention website](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/7065/tiling-shell/)

## Theam Pack 

- Go to Home Derectory and Past  `.themes` folder and `.icons` folder 
- install GNOME Tweaks:

```bash
sudo dnf install gnome-tweaks
```

- With GNOME Tweaks You can:
  - Add minimize and maximize buttons
  - Customize Animations
  - etc

Change Theams in GNOME Tweaks app 

- Appearance --> Icons 
- Appearance --> Legasy Applications

# After CTT Linux Utility Installation 

- Install Alacrity  
- 
## Softwares 
- Need to install Following Dependencies

- Enable RPM Fusion Free repository
```bash
sudo dnf install https://download1.rpmfusion.org/free/fedora/rpmfusion-free-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm
```

- Enable RPM Fusion Non-Free repository
```bash
sudo dnf install https://download1.rpmfusion.org/nonfree/fedora/rpmfusion-nonfree-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm
```

- Pre Load Apps 
```bash
sudo dnf copr enable kylegospo/preload -y && sudo dnf install preload -y && sudo systemctl enable --now preload
```

- Optimize DNF for Speed:
```bash
echo 'fastestmirror=True' | sudo tee -a /etc/dnf/dnf.conf
echo 'max_parallel_downloads=10' | sudo tee -a /etc/dnf/dnf.conf
```

- Install Timeshift (System Backups)
```bash
sudo dnf install timeshift
```

- Install DNFDragora Package Manager:
```bash
sudo dnf install dnfdragora
```

- Brave Browser Repo
```bash
sudo dnf install dnf-plugins-core
sudo dnf config-manager --add-repo https://brave-browser-rpm-release.s3.brave.com/x86_64/
sudo rpm --import https://brave-browser-rpm-release.s3.brave.com/brave-core.asc
```
- Microsoft Edge Repo
```bash
sudo rpm --import https://packages.microsoft.com/keys/microsoft.asc
sudo dnf config-manager --add-repo https://packages.microsoft.com/yumrepos/edge
```
- Github Desktop Repo
```bash
sudo rpm --import https://rpm.packages.shiftkey.dev/gpg.key
sudo sh -c 'echo -e "[shiftkey-packages]\nname=GitHub Desktop\nbaseurl=https://rpm.packages.shiftkey.dev/rpm/\nenabled=1\ngpgcheck=1\nrepo_gpgcheck=1\ngpgkey=https://rpm.packages.shiftkey.dev/gpg.key" > /etc/yum.repos.d/shiftkey-packages.repo'
```

- EduVPN Repo
```bash 
curl -O https://app.eduvpn.org/linux/v4/rpm/app+linux@eduvpn.org.asc
sudo rpm --import app+linux@eduvpn.org.asc
cat << 'EOF' | sudo tee /etc/yum.repos.d/python-eduvpn-client_v4.repo
[python-eduvpn-client_v4]
name=eduVPN for Linux 4.x (Fedora $releasever)
baseurl=https://app.eduvpn.org/linux/v4/rpm/fedora-$releasever-$basearch
gpgcheck=1
EOF
```
- FlareGet Download Manager
```bash
wget https://dl.flareget.com/downloads/files/flareget/rpm/amd64/flareget-5.0-0.x86_64.rpm
sudo dnf install ./flareget-5.0-0.x86_64.rpm
```

- Install following apps in one command
    - smplayer
    - vlc
    - brave browser
    - microsoft edge
    - obs
    -eduvpn
    - firefox
    - vs code
    - github desktop
```bash
sudo dnf install -y smplayer vlc brave-browser microsoft-edge-stable obs-studio eduvpn-client firefox code github-desktop
```
### Complex Installations 
- [mySql WorkBench](/mysql-work-bench.md)

- [Android studio](/android-studio-setup.md)

- [Davinchi Resolve](/davinci-resolve-install.md)
